Stoichiometry + chemistry fixes, full docs overhaul, 99% test coverage (#17)
FormingWorlds/CALLIOPE: docs/Explanations/model.md

    CALLIOPE's prognostic variables are the four primary partial pressures, not the eleven species partial pressures. This is why N has only one solved degree of freedom even though it appears in both N$_2$ and NH$_3$, and why O is not solved at all: the gas-phase chemistry collapses the eleven species into four independent mass-balance constraints. Adding a new oxygen-bearing species (e.g. NO) would not require a new constraint, only a new entry in `get_partial_pressures()` and the corresponding contribution to atmospheric and dissolved mass.

## Validity range

CALLIOPE is calibrated for surface temperatures of roughly $1000 \le T_\mathrm{magma} \le 4000$ K and surface pressures of roughly $0.1 \le p_\mathrm{surf} \le 5000$ bar. The lower end of the pressure range is set by numerical stability of the speciation walk; the upper end is the loose envelope above which one or more solubility laws extrapolate. Individual solubility laws have tighter calibration windows than the envelope (Dixon CO$_2$: $\le$815 bar; Sossi H$_2$O: a few kbar; Ardia CH$_4$: 0.7-3 GPa total pressure), see the per-law table in [Solubility laws](solubility.md). Outside the envelope above:

> - Below $T \sim 1000$ K the JANAF fits used for the equilibrium constants extrapolate beyond their validation range; the PROTEUS wrapper enforces a configurable `T_floor` (default 700 K) below which outgassing is skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Below $T \sim 1000$ K the JANAF fits used for the equilibrium constants extrapolate beyond their validation range. The PROTEUS wrapper enforces a configurable `T_floor` (default 700 K), which clips temperatures below `T_floor` to this value, since thermochemical equilibrium does not necessarily hold at cooler temperatures.
```

> - Above $T \sim 4000$ K the gas-phase ideal-gas approximation breaks down; switch to atmodeller ([Bower et al. 2025](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2025ApJ...995...59B)), which uses real-gas EOS.

Reviewer: I agree that there are complexities at high T, but this is not the main one. The ideal gas EOS is more valid at high temperatures and low pressures. 

```suggestion
- Above $T \sim 4000$ K the mantle-atmosphere partitioning approximation breaks down; switch to atmodeller ([Bower et al. 2025](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2025ApJ...995...59B)).
```
